DOCS-4908 APM Library injection: add info about enabling ASM or Profiler (#17235)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_injection.md

The supported features and configuration options for the tracing library are the same for library injection as for other installation methods, and can be set with environment variables. Read the [Datadog Library configuration page][16] for your language for more details.

> For example, to turn on [Application Security Monitoring][4] or [Continuous Profiler][3], each of which may have billing impact:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can turn on [Application Security Monitoring][4] or [Continuous Profiler][3], each of which may have billing impact:
```

> - For **Kubernetes**, set the container environment variables `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` or `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED` to `true`.
> 
> - For **hosts and containers**, set the container environment variables `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` or `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED` to `true`, or in the [injection configuration](#supplying-configuration-source) specify an `additional_environment_variables` section like the following YAML example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For **Kubernetes**, set the `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` or `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED` container environment variables to `true`.

- For **hosts and containers**, set the `DD_APPSEC_ENABLED` or `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED` container environment variables to `true`, or in the [injection configuration](#supplying-configuration-source), specify an `additional_environment_variables` section like the following YAML example: 
```
